Welcome back.
A were pressfield is beginning to take really good shape.
And this video is all about making the blog posts even more customizable by out in the post plus function.
If you want to find out more information about the post glass just head over to the Word Press Code
X and search for the function of post class.
Basically unopposed class while theme allows the WordPress Theme offers touch of Bessie says control
over the posts.
So for example the COMSEC see SS file use for the post by their idae or by their category name.
So maybe have the blog with different bucker uncle us depend on the category name on the tag.
So as an example I'm going to put this into our theme and allow stylin by the idae.
So currently if I go into old blog.
If I go into the blog section.
And then if you go into the chrome developer tools right click inspect element.
And if we use the magnifying glass and search for one of the blogs which has the class of blog post.
And then take a look you can see that the div has a class of blog post but there's no individual I.D.
So we wanted to style individual posts.
We couldn't do that because all the posts have the same class so let's add an individual idae to each
one of these blog posts.
So should close it down for now and then if you go back over to the kodaks underneath the usage had
him copy the BHB then go to the index page.
And then find the div with the class of blog posts and then just delete this line and then paste in
the patch.
P.
So this will now add a custom idae to each one of the blog posts.
So we just deleted the class of blog post so let's add the bucket now.
And then save that.
And then for refresh the blog.
Never go back into the developer tools as we did before.
And then hit the magnifying glass and select the blog post.
So now if you look on the right side you can see that the postal has the class of blog post but straight
after it.
There's now a generated eidy so we've wanted to style this individual post.
We've now got a reference for the success you can use this in a similar kind of way.
If you wanted to use a category name or any of the values on there and would just head over to the CSA
centric this is work and okay so we've got a blog post idea of 50 there and they'll show a unique one
below.
This is a post of 14 and you see this 38 thirty six thirty four.
So just head over to the style that ceus us.
If you go to the blog section.
We're going to have one style into here.
So the idea of post high flown 50 which has a top one.
Check it work and just give a background colour.
I would send it to BBB and say that and 50 was the top one.
So hit refresh.
So go.
So the bucker uncle is changed to grey.
That's because this has a unique I.D. So therefore the Steinem will only take place for this blog post.
So hope that to give you some ideas of how you can customize and style your theme.
So fun to watch.
And I'll see in the next video.